welcome to the video tutorial
The Samsung High Resolution Monitors
We will look at example of the sd 850
monitor see what the special of the high
Resolution monitors is an answer
Among other things lends quad hd with white
quad hd you have a resolution of
2560 x 1440 at one screen
ratio of 16 to 9
So we have four times as many pixels
as with the 720p hd video standard and
if your customers have videos or photos
If you want to watch then you have 4 times
so many pixels and so many professionals
like to work alone but sometimes
also work with other professionals in the
team together and that is what we have
samsung also taken as a model and
have the device accordingly ergonomic
adapted you have one here
height adjustment you also have one
angle adjustability and you can do that
device also in ev mode use that is
just then interesting when I go to
example text documents hair like me
then want to look at the whole area
I do not go up and down
scroll and so I can still
more efficient and effective at sd
850 monitors have a very high
viewing angle with a
viewing angle stability of 178 degrees
both horizontally and vertically we have
always the best condition for
ergonomic working
Another highlight is the picture
in picture functionality
the picture in picture functionality
offers the advantage that I am one
window can turn one
this can be from a second source
a tv tuner another pc or to
example, another audio video source
But this also has an advantage for the
work because if I mean with mine
Colleagues, for example, in a project
then i can work on my
project continue to work and I see that
my colleagues have already progressed
have in
small window but it can be synonymous
sometimes that will be me a bit
longer alone in the office seats and at the
project work and favorite show
Of course I can do it myself
can also leave the Show
work and still missed nothing
from my favorite show
that's the picture in picture
functionality with the picture in
picture functionality you have the
advantage that they have two digital
Connections have on the display s.den man
two computers can connect
that has the advantage when I work on
I can use the two different systems
at the same time to the monitor
to let
with the picture at picture button
I activate this mode and then
we also have our second picture immediately
a special feature that I still too
to highlight is the color space
normal lcd monitors usually have
16 7 million colors representing you
can
have the weko hd displays from samsung
the advantage that we have 10 7 billion
can show colors and we can
also the srgb color space to 100
percent represent the ideal device
for professionals, of course, there is in our
country many monitors in different
inch sizes and different
award categories
have a look at the samsung
portfolio 2015
You will surely be for your customers
the right product will be successful
and have fun selling